---
date: 2026-05-04
week: 19
tags:
  - "#daily"
---

# Daily Note — 2026-05-04

**Week:** 19 | **Focus:**

---

## 🎯 Today's Objectives
- [ ] Two important detections to create. SynJacking and CopyFail
- [ ] Talk to Shravan about App Control. What's going on with the Project Plan. 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 

---

## 🤝 Today's Huddle

### To Mention
- Abnormal Transport mail rule. I've flipped once again and I think we should do it. Mostly, because of the optics. We can send the emails to quarantine so we do have some visibility into them if needed. 
- Do we want to discuss Novee or wait until our security Meeting.
- Still having Varonis/VPN logging issues and I'm unable to connect to Global Protect. Planning on coming tomorrow to get my GP fixed, need to look at past case that I opened with Varonis to see what the solution was. (I think it just cleared up on its own)
- Looks like Philip LaLonde has been compromised. Conditional access policies are doing their job (Mention Varonis flagged that) I'm going to mark him as compromised, but wanted to make sure that will just force a password reset and not brick his account due to our hybrid environment. 

### Action Items
- [ ] Get Claude to review my old WDAC notes. 
- [ ] Looks at old Varonis tickets for the GPT logging issue. 

---

## 🔧 Work Log

### Session Notes


### KQL / Detections


### Notable Incidents / Alerts
- Looks like Philip Lalonde's password was compromised. Gavin reset his pw in AD and I confirmed with Phil that he was eventually able to log in. He did have to call the helpdesk but I think his new password just needed work its why through the system. Phil didn't recall entering his creds. I think it was done via his phone. 
- Scott reached out to me about INC13862806. Odd behavior and weird icon when looking at Windows Explorer in Task manager. Icon was a bit of concern, but explorer is in the right folder the correct parent process and the file hash matched in Virustotal. Kicked off an investigation on lt13061 as a precaution. 


---

## 🚧 Blockers


---

## 📎 Links & References


---

## ➡️ Tomorrow
- [ ] 
- [ ] 

---

## Changelog
| Date | Change |
|------|--------|
| 2026-05-04 | Created |
